hi I'm Ava Lisa and this is a hormone
video just as a warning things are about
to get real and I just want to let you
know what's about to happen Friday
officially marked six weeks on hormones
and I wanted to give you guys a little
bit of an update let's talk about
changes so far I don't know if I've
experienced a lot of changes um for the
most part my nipples but they started
off a really sore really really sore and
then they started to swell really big
and they were painful all the time
sleeping was a bitch and just recently I
started to lactate yes ladies on
hormones you will lactate it's not like
milks burning out of my nipples but I
definitely have some liquid coming out
of my nipples which is crazy all in
itself because you really don't think
about anything coming out of your
nipples as a man and as a woman you have
to be pregnant for that to happen so for
it just to be happening is very odd this
is me without a bra without anything
flat boy chest noticeable huge ass
nipples they're huge and I don't know if
I'm gonna get flagged for this but um
you can see that that is like the knot
that is under my nipple breast I don't
know
but yeah there it is nothingness yes hmm
as far as the hair on my body um it
seems to not be growing as quickly I
don't know one of the last time I shaved
my arm but as you can see it's
not like a lot a lot but it's not
growing as quickly as it was before
as far as facial hair that's still
growing the same way it seems to be
unlike this weird cycle thing to where
sometimes it grows a lot and sometimes
it doesn't and I can go like a day and a
half without shaving and still get by
and in some days after like two hours
I'm like oh my god I need to shave again
as far as my skin you always hear about
people talking about how smooth their
skin gets when they start hormones me I
don't know maybe it's skinning maybe
it's getting softer and thinner I don't
know but for me I can't get past this
and I guess it is getting more sensitive
because I'm cutting myself more when I
shave so hopefully I can go on ahead and
get laser hair removal or electrolysis
that couldn't remember the word or get
electrolysis to make sure all of that is
gone let's talk about this my hair this
is me just me my hair that I had been
growing out of my head since December
ish as the black woman biological or
transgender some of us don't like the
way our hair grows out of our scalp and
I'm on hormones so if you don't like it
chemically change it so I get perms I
get perms because I love the way my hair
looks after prom I love to have that
nice silky smooth texture after I get a
perm but I got my first perm sensitive
on hormones and yes I'm doing color now
but last time I did color I was not
doing perms but um the color is as you
can see not at the root it's been
probably about a month and so change
since I had dye on my hair and I went to
to relax my hair and
as I was like coming through it I saw a
lot of it on the cut and considering I
had just taken out my so in and hadn't
really brushed through it the way I
needed to I was like okay okay no I keep
coming and I keep seeing more hair and
I'm like what the fuck is going on and
so immediately I'm like head under the
water just wash it just wash it all out
I don't care if it's permed I don't care
or I don't care if it's relaxed or
whatever just get this out of out of
your head right now so that's exactly
what I started doing and hair clumps and
clumps of hair clumps and clumps of hair
just coming out
Adam had this hair that I have been
working you know since December to get
in my head is now falling out and it was
boggling it was mind-boggling to me
because as a woman your hair is kind of
an identifier you have you know two
major identifiers as a woman it's the
long hair and the boobs and I'm not
really getting as much growth as I want
to down here so my hair
it's falling out so I'm going through
this ridiculous mental process to where
I was breaking down and screaming as I
was pulling my hair out it's a horrible
horrible thing to have to go through so
now my hair is thinner than it was and I
am wondering whether to shave it off or
to keep it and try and save it I
honestly don't know I do not know what
I'm going to do so just to show you
because I feel like you want to see um
this is all of the hair that came out of
my head yep yeah keeps falling
yeah look at that that is the hair that
was in my head if you're questioning why
I want to cut all my hair off there
you'd want to cut all your hair off too
if all of that just came out um but as
far as other change wait no let's go
back to this hair thing nobody nobody
said anything to me about hey stay away
from relaxers when you're on your
hormones cuz it might make your hair
fall out nobody said anything about stay
away from coloring your hair while
you're on on hormones because it might
make your hair fall out
nobody said any of that to me and then
after it happened I got online and I'm
like what the fuck is going on and there
it is if you're on HRT avoid bleaching
or relaxing your hair too little too
late
cuz now my hair is in a big clump and
it's not attached to my head